delete PVC/PV after eviction for annotated pods (#6)
DataDog/draino: README.md

      --max-simultaneous-cordon-for-taints=33%,node
                                     # No more then 33% of the group of nodes having same value for taint with key `node` can be cordon
```
It is possible to set multiple limits, the cordon activity is blocked as soon as at least one of the limit is reached. When some nodes are uncordoned or if they are deleted/replace, this will reopen some slots bellow the limit and some nodes can be cordoned again.

### Deleting PV/PVC associated with the evicted pods

> Draino can take care of deleting the PV/PCV associated with the evicted pod. This is interesting especially for pods using storage class having local storage attached to the node. Since the old nodes is not eligible for scheduling, the PVC/PV of the pod must be recycled to ensure that the pods can be schedule on another node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Draino can take care of deleting the PVs/PVCs associated with the evicted pod. This is interesting especially for pods using the `local-storage` storage class. Since the old nodes are not eligible for scheduling, the PVCs/PVs of the pod must be recycled to ensure that the pods can be scheduled on another node.
```
